说话人A  00:34
hello，everyone all right a few people have some conflict with the a pre bi planning alignment that is currently in progress with gladio，but yeah i think we have otherwise most of the usual attendees let me start sharing the screen so the iteration four ended yesterday，we will be reviewing the feature board for the first five minutes and then we're going through the quality reports。

说话人A  01:16
identify what are the risks to this accomplish i mean the features that we have here and there are is to complete in this bi and then in general how we're doing against this release readiness for the cp five and if time permits we'll have some the iteration review outcomes also will review。

说话人A  01:55
sharing if not it should be coming now all right。

说话人A  02:03
can you see now。

说话人A  02:04
OK，and there are two features here they are in the new and dividing state they shouldn't be here if the work is not happening are you know so Brian i sent a message to you if this feature is brand here brand may be in another call。

说话人A  02:25
John can you please take an action on this feature。

说话人A  02:28
Yeah that.

说话人J  02:29
That should be that shouldn't be in here i'll clean it up。.

说话人A  02:34
OK i raise this last Friday somehow no action taken there the埠韦 this is a classic product as well not sure what the story behind it this 埠韦 here。

说话人A  02:45
yeah i don't see can somebody follow up Justin can you please take this up i think this is for the classic product mbo i see there is a story。

说话人A  02:56
are we expecting this feature to complete in this bi do you know。

说话人A  03:01
I.

说话人K  03:01
Don't thinks i'm i have no idea actually。.

说话人A  03:07
yeah，i definitely yeah，these two that need to be moved out if they are like had it by mistake here OK，alright good to see some features get to close state，but a lot of them are in implementing we should be going through that here i think。

说话人A  03:28
coming from the top here i believe this feature was created to support some of the axon activities primarily fixing the axon bugs plus some minor enhancements on that what remains on this so this was actually mostly pineapple has work item on this there is an enabler that is open there's no testing activities pending on this it's just one enabler on the unit testing that team is taking into next iteration will be wrapping up again no other validation is required everything else has been done。

说话人A  04:04
i would put it here in the testing state。

说话人A  04:11
what about this feature should solve be also be in testing state。

说话人L  04:19
database related。

说话人A  04:20
yeah，there is a story testing here and i think what about the there is a story in ready state so instead some implementation taking happening in iteration five what does it mean for some end to end testing when is it planned。

说话人A  04:45
can this be ready for the testing in this iteration given these two stories are still not complete。

说话人M  04:52
yeah for those stories actually we are planning like to get have it like as soon as possible during this the next week it think up to Wednesday i think so in order that we can deliver to qa for testing。

说话人A  05:07
by Wednesday means but by the way this iteration the epetition starts today，so we only have technically seven business days in this。

说话人A  05:20
given on the week after next week we are starting the pa planning and the teams will be spending you know time for the pa planning plus the breakout sessions so let's not count on the second week tho- those three days so whatever that we have to wrap up whatever the time that we have is really two days in this week plus the next week so if you turn it over by next Wednesday do you think two days that testing can complete so there's a risk here on this。

说话人A  05:56
come back to that link there。

说话人M  05:58
yeah，actually we are having that in mind as well for the risk that we can have for that。

说话人A  06:04
yeah edit tips is something that when we did a replanning two weeks back this was a feature that we have clearly like understood that this is not going to complete within this bi this is the only one that we can have to take an exception to wrap up in the bi three but how is it coming can anybody comment are we making progress for our plans how does it look will it。

说话人A  06:27
complete like in the first iteration of pi three the end to end validation。

说话人K  06:34
we are making good progress a lot of the core implementation was done into four into five their reporting stories and some modification in the ui that we need to do the goal is to finish that this week hopefully and then end to end testing this iteration will start so i guess there'll be bugs until everyone。

说话人A  07:09
it is a hony to you so jay same thing you guys need to determine what was are we able to close this feature itself in this bi or not if not i think we definitely need to you know better plan these dr items from p a three onwards。

说话人N  07:28
yeah，i understand so one question that we have is for this that are a you know a bunch of different documentation items。

说话人N  07:39
OK，and the documentation items based on my conversation with security team they still don't have a format for us to put together any documents OK，so what do we do about them i mean typically we don't close without having the documentation completed，but in this case if we don't have the formats anything that we do is just going to be you know.

说话人A  08:05
Based right。.

说话人A  08:06
but do we know what to document as part of this particular compliance the contents i mean。

说话人A  08:11
I mean.

说话人N  08:13
We have it。.

说话人N  08:15
i'm assuming with maybe，Louis and Wang you can comment here as well yeah i think we have the basic idea for you know what we are doing the work that we did we can document that's not a problem just to make it clear on you know the technical aspects of what has been accomplished here from a security standpoint right。

说话人A  08:39
i will raise this as a concern in the next meeting with the security teams i mean if they want these features to you know they want to see features completing means this final step of the template they must be giving it otherwise the feature i mean other are they accept whatever that we give。

说话人N  08:56
ight right b so。

说话人N  08:58
what i would suggest here is like instead of going for a traditional document we'll just document whatever we have done in an informal way right。

说话人N  09:09
and go ahead and close this because without having the format out there it's just gonna be a waste of time and duplicate effort。

说话人A  09:17
i don't know what's causing them when they have all these items and everything there you know what's causing them to you know not give this but i will escalate this to Stacy  OK。

说话人A  09:29
OK，thanks。

说话人K  09:32
what about the request to turn the features into user stories and having current features。

说话人A  09:41
so yes i mean i was chatting with jay。

说话人A  09:46
i understand the intent they're changing now i mean it's all security team has now multiple times changed the format that they're looking for i hope this is the last so yes，let's have a feature for each gra item across the art and let's convert all these features that we have are i think we can just delete the feature we already have defined stories just link them to the Dart at art feature of that type so jay i believe he's still working on that once。

说话人A  10:21
he has。

说话人A  10:22
Yeah，i'm.

说话人N  10:22
Still working on.

说话人A  10:23
It。.

说话人A  10:23
yeah，so he will share it in this chat maybe so that everyone have oh know。

说话人A  10:28
so look at i mean whatever that are applicable just move those stories directly linking to that feature the new feature that probably we just either convert existing feature jay or maybe we can take it offline or just create fresh and you know we'll go from there。

说话人N  10:43
yeah，i'm trying to create fresh because i'm not sure what teams wants to do with their rest you know current features so i'm just trying to go create fresh items right the challenge there is that you know the teams are gonna be struggling to keep track of where what their user stories are because now there is you know obviously you're gonna have multiple user stories for each dr item。

说话人N  11:08
and we're splitting that into you know multiple iterations right so it's gonna be a little bit of a mess to keep everything in track。

说话人A  11:17
there are two concerns with this actually that you know this approach though and i have escalate i mean i have mentioned this and i think we're okay with that the two concerns one a lot of these dr items they i mean a feature cannot be directly converted to a user story for a product they have to be mo- multiple you know user stories given the effort needed for that particular dr item right is it can't fit in any iteration so it means。

说话人A  11:44
a product level crm for it for a particular item cannot complete within an iteration it spans multiple iterations right second thing a feature just cannot complete within a bi because that particular crm item may be a priority for one team，but may not be for the other team that so what happens there is a feature spillover from bi to bi and eventually all features may be ending in a couple of bis from now，so we have these two risks so about i think we i got it like a go ahead with this。

说话人A  12:18
so we may be kind of taking this particular features as an exception。

说话人A  12:25
but like yeah for now let's go ahead it really depends on you know how we prioritize those features really target them to complete in the pi i think it's really you know some challenge in the pi planning but yeah we should be going ahead and making this change。

说话人N  12:48
i'll share the features as soon as i have everything ready。

说话人A  12:56
i think we also need to find some way like，let's say a dr item may not be up i mean OK some products may be applicable some products may not be applicable i think we also need to find maybe ac- maybe have acceptance criteria listing you know based on our current product stories that we have just convert them to the each item into a user story as acceptance criteria in the feature that we complete all this i'm just throwing some ideas。

说话人A  13:25
but we can find better up，better ways to。

说话人N  13:30
it almost feels like the security team is asking us to you know to document whatever we have right document in the sense like write it out saying that this is not applicable because of so and so reasons in a couple of sentences right，but make sure that you have like one user story representing each and every dr item so that you know they know that we have reviewed it and we have checked this off our list and we are working on the other items right。

说话人N  14:02
that's how they are tracking because when Evan was showing us the power bi dashboard for unified he was saying like you guys only have four dr items what happen to the rest and we said you know from a unified platform standpoint we've already complied with the rest of those items he's saying that you know still create those so that we can keep track of it and we know that you know this is all already complied right。

说话人A  14:31
yeah，i think we need some alignment like for those that we already complied like is that is there some documentation that they're looking for from us or is there something that we need to fill in i think we just need to align，but。

说话人A  14:43
if it's a work item we just show it as it's done what is the point of having it but anyway i think we can take it offline。

说话人A  14:50
yeah，okay。

说话人A  14:53
or does that answer your question Justin。

说话人K  14:59
yeah，thank you we for the classic planning we'll convert our features into user stories，but there are also other reasons i don't know yeah，it'll be。

说话人A  15:11
yeah，it looks like i don't think we won't have time to go through all these two features here but yeah。

说话人A  15:19
this i have some feedback on this from jay this feature we created again it's a learning we mixed i mean maybe we created with intent of only you know unified products here but i think we should what we should do is we should actually this has two things into it one is we're talking technical debt the other is support activities so there is a separate support activities feature moving forward let's all teams irrespective of the product the support activities happening should link to that feature OK and technical。

说话人A  15:50
same thing technical debt maybe you can have one feature jay same thing like this，but make it specific to archer not just sorry make it don't make it specific to。

说话人A  16:01
unified，but make it for the archer that everyone they link their in technical data activities into this。

说话人N  16:08
This is something that were talking about with Michelle during the.

说话人A  16:12
Wsj。.

说话人A  16:14
yep，so let's have that so i believe you have created one so，but just take that out keep it only taking out data and support activities actually，there is a feature already exist。

说话人A  16:23
OK a pj。

说话人A  16:25
yep so。

说话人A  16:33
the epitration is being used by all teams working on the unified product features to get to the cp five what about the other product features we have are we like towards the end of you know i mean yeah towards completion of this feature where are we are are，how are we going to do utilize this epitration for li qi and Peter。

说话人A  17:07
but do you recommend it yeah the iteration starting today right technically it is for you know spending time to prepare for the pht by doing some pocs or you know some learning some enablers that we pick up typically of spike that we do in the iteration are you again as i said the feet the power the teams that are working on unified the iteration will be fully consumed。

说话人A  17:38
with the work against these features，but what about for the pitaya and litchi what are your plans for the arbitration。

说话人O  17:46
well，at least in pitaya，we have three things we have two user stories to complete because it's not possible to complete this iteration we have only the ten percent of remaining that's the first one our plan is finishing the two or three days，and we have a couple of pocs to work on that we。

说话人O  18:08
yeah，actually，it's in unify integration because to explore new capabilities and well，it's not in the user story yet because we define today and we still have a little remaining work in the sea，that's our plan at least for these seven days for ip iteration five。

说话人A  18:39
So how much of how much percent of that your bis work actually is being your targeting is it like e entire team working in the e epitration or is it like a couple of people but this your time you have some time for doing something else in the it's OK we can take it offline i don't want to.

说话人O  19:02
But。.

说话人O  19:02
oh，oh，OK，yeah，because that's new because i know from mark that plans for the pi three not in this iteration so that's new for me。

说话人O  19:14
OK，OK same thing。

说话人O  19:15
yeah，their allocation of person if we will plan for pi three so we can plan finish this iteration as we plan since the beginning。

说话人O  19:28
OK，but we can discuss later of that。

说话人O  19:30
Yeah，that's.

说话人A  19:31
Fine。.

说话人A  19:31
same thing。

说话人A  19:32
for li qi Shu。

说话人A  19:33
yeah，i'll take it offline with you，John and Brian。

说话人A  19:37
yeah，but what i need help from here of the pocs is really when you know。

说话人A  19:43
what in what i see anything implementing means the work is still ongoing and。

说话人A  19:49
OK，these are not ready for qa testing and end to end testing that means these are at risk for completing the p two if that's not the case please move them to the you know testing state so product owners and atls please help me move that this done yesterday but yeah please help you know cleaning up the feature board here something that we've already achieved the end to end testing completed。

说话人A  20:13
please move them to the close state so we really will be focusing in this final iteration with a limited number of features here we're targeting to close in p two plus you know we have a clear understanding。

说话人A  20:27
that what is not have what is not completing in pa two what is the impact to the pa three and you know that will help us to forecast the impact to the you know cp five so please help me clean this up i don't know you know if somebody sees this is means majority of them are not complete pa two so which is not the case so please help clean this up as soon as possible。

说话人A  20:56
else i had so going to the。

说话人A  21:03
quality reports just give me a minute let me s start pulling that。

说话人A  21:16
so i believe by now everyone have completed their iteration two dot four reviews so they have a better understanding let's see from the all the reports starting with the us。

说话人A  21:42
Judy can you please start first how's the Aus in general the feature validation what risks that you're seeing for pa two and in general for cp five。

说话人P  21:54
so for Aus feature for now we the additives feature is the simulation part is under testing and the optimization part and the reports will be ready maybe ne- by ne- next week so the testing。

说话人P  22:18
Wu for this part of testing will be started next week and another thing is for mip recipe the bci report part is not ready for testing yet and as you reviewed i for the feature board i it should it will be ready by the middle of next week and these two items have the highest risks to finish all of new feature testing。

说话人P  22:53
by the end of this pi two another one is a testing by team grape that's for the time very price that's one i think that one will be start testing from next week，too and for the others i think there are some retesting is still ongoing and some defects need to be resolved and。

说话人P  23:27
然后我们可以re-test this failed test cases for final blends and component property balance and this depending how when the the these bugs can be fixed，so this the major features that we have some risks and for regression part i think currently the pass rate for regression。

说话人P  24:24
it's s- e is not very high and several pd bugs need to be fixed to reach the one hundred percent pass rate so i think that's the current status for yes，we。

说话人A  24:37
i have one feedback to Judy it's not just you for all qe reports that we're receiving it will help because all teams in the morning here in the us that check this report。

说话人P  24:50
if you can add the assign to a column here that will quickly help people what to prioritize OK please can you please add the owner column as well。

说话人P  24:55
you mean for the bugs。

说话人A  25:20
for everything for to this table basically i mean this is for all reports ap as well OK i mean apt so a couple of features i mean adtvs is a known risk we knew it like two weeks back but looks like a couple of other features are at risk at this moment so let's see how tomato and avocado。

说话人A  25:32
can you know support that let's can anything from tomato ciro is not here who can update tomato update。

说话人A  25:35
hi。

说话人A  25:38
yeah。Omar go ahead。

说话人L  25:54
yeah，so we're just spending most of the time working on bugs for this iteration we're going to be cleaning up these regression tests and bugs that are reported i guess just the not pd bugs。

说话人L  26:16
and yeah our focus right now is on the blending features and making sure that we've reserved some capacity to ensure when the testing for some of these newer features come in we're able to you know maintain our capacity and maintain support for any of the bugs that come from that testing。

说话人L  26:26
so once features start to kind of intermingle and you know activate all together like mip with final blends，etc that sort of thing。

说话人L  26:30
and then yeah，that's the primary。

说话人L  26:34
scope for this upcoming iteration。

说话人A  26:51
bd box across archery is another you know risk to see it's not a risk to the pi，but it's a risk to the cp five looks like Mar i think you're these are all assigned to you to take a initial look at it right。

说话人A  26:51
纠正。

说话人L  26:52
那些是，对，所以那些是CSO specific，然后所以just to kind of parse out 那些CSO versus the blending related ones 我just assign those ones to myself。

说话人L  27:04
所以with time will maybe inject some of those，but again our focus right now is on the blending and reserving some capacity for post testing anything that comes from there。

说话人L  27:16
if we have time we'll slowly kind of give those back to some developers to take a look that was the that's the game plan。

说话人A  27:37
yeah going back to the archer level view of the bugs and PD bugs of this is unified only the other charts here actually for all archer that includes DG and bitio bugs as well pd bugs，but unified only we have three hundred nineteen a lot of them sitting half of them are sitting in the new state means either they're not assigned an iteration so the product owners and ets please look at。

说话人A  28:10
PD box India in your pro in your areas so if you see this pd box yep a lot of them yeah，i think in Aus close to fifty same thing KBP also grew double from after cpf platform as well so yeah we need focus the sh the focus needs to shift to。

说话人A  28:41
pd bug resolution prioritizing the customer bugs so customer bugs i can have a table only for unified as well at the bottom，but if you look at unified only i checked the number is like one hundred and twenty or so this is also a significant jump from cp four to cp five when we c when we close cp four the pd bugs when it's customer reported bugs they were like open forty or fifty so one hundred and twenty it means there's some significant effort is needed here。

说话人A  29:18
some of them may need some clean up after the audio migration and bugs we might have already solved through some eps they just either need to be you know validated in the cp fine and close so the。

说话人A  29:32
students。

说话人A  29:33
and at least please take a look just filter out the ones that we can close versus the actionable and then assign accordingly。

说话人M  30:00
is that。

说话人M  30:01
oh，oh，yeah，so do you want to go？ahead。

说话人M  30:05
Do you want.

说话人Q  30:06
To go ahead。.

说话人Q  30:06
no，no go ahead。

说话人Q  30:07
you go ahead first。

说话人Q  30:08
yeah。

说话人M  30:09
OK，sure so for us we are like we were able to complete like the ninety percent of the user restories that we have of course we have to split some of the publishing part that we have for the edit tips for the meat recipe as well we are aware about like the risk that can be mention for the testing。

说话人M  30:28
but we are trying to do like our best in order to complete it for us as soon as possible，so that they can release their work as well the rest of the user stories that we have are related for the box related for these fea- features as well so for the next bi iteration survey actually we are going to focus on the box that we have related to that and know that we will close i don't know previ- if you want to add something else。

说话人Q  30:56
yeah，i think we have made i mean overall we have made very good progress in this iteration alright，we finished publishing of the ab tables，which was the most important feature as well as the work that。

说话人Q  31:11
need to be done，and is a prerequisite for many other things so it's already under testing and now just the mid recipe publishing i mean it is just a value writing to another column，so we're finishing that the all the editives all the way up to simulator everything is done and also q is testing that part optimizer also is re is almost done with pro like you know it's not gonna take the whole iteration we are very close to finishing it。

说话人Q  31:42
so i think overall we have made great progress this it and as omer mentioned we are deprioritizing all the cso bugs and they are all assign to omer and everybody the whole team will be working towards blending related post development bugs and any feature related bugs that come for two five so that is where our focuses and i think we are all set to make blending work in this situation complete。

说话人Q  32:13
对的。

说话人Q  32:33
so how are we doing closing the gaps for these features that are not ready for testing yet in the final iteration except additives。

说话人Q  32:37
i don't understand your questions。

说话人Q  32:55
additives is the only one that we knew that is not going to complete，but right so there's work continuing in this final iteration and they're not ready for testing yet so what is the plan and how can we minimize impact on。

说话人Q  33:03
no，i think we the whatever is not finished is very minimal right like map recipe。

说话人Q  33:33
everything re up to optimizer is ready and only thing is that yeah writing to the database part is not there and even so even if we are getting there like now i think qa won't have to test for like weeks or days or many days or many iterations to finish that i think we're very close we will finish them whatever has moved over or not finished is going to have get done in next few days i'm not worried about that。

说话人Q  33:37
so that means you can the testing and complete the next five days you mean。

说话人Q  33:42
yes by next week Friday it should be done。

说话人Q  33:43
因为 very minimal work is remaining like writing to a column database or reporting，and which is dependent on optimizer work to be done so。

说话人A  33:59
Judy question to you how is the regression like what remains after this ba two do you think there is a risk completion of the regression testing in the first iteration of the ba three。

说话人P  34:22
i think for now for this p iteration five we planned about one hundred regressions but with this iteration if we can get more help from other team members  we may finish we can start more finish more regression testing and not put remaining of two hundred and eighteen。

说话人P  34:57
Regression test cases in ps，will less。

说话人P  35:03
i think we have some potential risks if some if more works are involved in i- i- iteration five and some testing delayed to next pi。

说话人P  35:31
i i i think we can keep a close eye on it，but yeah i i think there are some potential risk。

说话人A  35:41
and how do you see the risk also getting two hundred percent that's another risk i mean it's the same case with other products too not picking on a us here，but let's try to forecast what is needed to complete the regression testing in the first iteration given June thirtieth is a ga that we're targeting and let's have a very clear you know understanding of the gaps to you know getting re release readiness with regression tests plus the pd box verification and closing。

说话人K  36:16
yeah，i know for the optimizer you know tomatoes side that's a huge risk。

说话人K  36:22
pdb regression test。

说话人K  36:26
yeah，no know how we're gonna meet it。

说话人A  36:28
p PDB i don't think we can get away with this many PDB bugs in open state we may take some exception if we really have to release on a certain date and if we cannot，but the exception also like maybe another ten or twenty higher than what were you know where we were at cp four so can't be like。

说话人A  36:53
Is many box so because the pd box is being really watch closely and for release readiness Claudio expects you know we close majority of the PD box plus again he questions if we leave the customer PD box open so we should be at or below the open customer pd box comparing to cp four.

说话人Q  37:22
So what should be what is the overall backlog supposed to be solve.

说话人A  37:26
You know for overall unified we release when we release cp four you know we were like around forty。.

说话人Q  37:35
OK，and then。

说话人A  37:37
us was seventy，aup was forty and ten fifteen each the rest of the products so if we。

说话人A  37:47
we are。

说话人A  37:48
yeah minus ten percent。

说话人Q  37:50
We right now，Aus is at one twenty five like something like.

说话人A  37:54
That。.

说话人A  37:55
one hundred fifty。

说话人Q  37:56
i think you it counts are you guys counting implementing。

说话人A  38:02
implementing。

说话人K  38:04
it's not done right。

说话人A  38:05
it's not done，it's in progress right。

说话人Q  38:08
yeah，yeah，you i guess i'm not counting implementing，but yeah。

说话人A  38:12
implementing status person is working on it。

说话人K  38:20
137 include e- excluding implementing it's close to one forty something。

说话人A  38:29
oh where was my you looked at it hold on。

说话人A  38:40
These queries it excludes validating state validating i was treating earlier is like in a old ad opening verification.

说话人Q  38:49
Right。.

说话人Q  38:50
风吹了 i think i thought that is testing now that testing is the pending verification right。

说话人A  38:59
OK，hold on i think there is a new bug actually updated bug process that was reviewed today i'm not sure you all have attended or not there are some changes there they have not been pushed yet the state of a pd bug now is changing also the user story for feature they're combining the implementing and testing into one state。

说话人A  39:20
they're calling it implementing and testing so validating is this state really you know it's it becomes optional for features and user stories at the end of the testing implementing and testing is what the testing of a user story and feature also completes at the end of that state OK，so for our pd box we had been using like validating state that like is ready for qa testing maybe we can continue to use that but yeah i mean implementing and testing means it's really。

说话人A  39:58
Yeah.

说话人B  39:58
Coded。.

说话人B  40:00
they have a separate field ready for testing that could be used to exclude i mean when we target when we look for these internal numbers we could exclude them from our metrics that ready for testing is like pending verification。

说话人A  40:15
yep that's true yep so validation is really a state a step where we want some external testing to be done either for a study or for a。

说话人B  40:24
are they are even saying that Po should be closing those。

说话人A  40:28
no i already got in touch with them so this is really you know the way we're doing。

说话人A  40:34
me，yes ready for testing field we should be using it and some original fields that they have like waiting for more now they have added that work process and you know like waiting for triage right，those have been added i will take those as updates here but i will run i will really not go with that like pocs must verify each defect fix no that's invisible。

说话人B  40:54
like yeah，so that thing eh exactly i mean like and then the triage metrics would be super long to close those right but yeah。

说话人A  41:01
no，no，no i mean i yeah we we i mean again i think i just want to clarify here i have already had multiple sessions on that changes and they gave my feedback and we're aligned that validating state even though it says that。

说话人A  41:14
it's optional that we're saying we need some external tester to test or maybe Po to test if we want to do if the Po wants to test he can leave he or she can leave that you know stay there until they close it，but it's really up to the Po right，i mean even for a story even for a bug once it is set to ready for testing it can go to close once unless a Po explicitly ask a particular bug i want to test it please leave it in the validating state。

说话人B  41:50
yeah，i wasn't even counting it as each ones needs to be verified by Po，but Po needs to really ensure that all the testing is done and other things。

说话人B  42:01
yeah，yeah。

说话人B  42:02
yeah。

说话人A  42:03
exactly。

说话人A  42:03
yeah also，but but on that ready for testing yes，that is what will be treated moving forward as pending verification。

说话人A  42:10
yeah。

说话人A  42:11
so it the bug will to may remain in the implementing and testing is surely exiting with setting that field ready for testing means surely now is ready for testing and you know we will validate。

说话人B  42:23
yeah，yeah。

说话人B  42:24
yes。

说话人B  42:24
fixes come we can safely assume that will follow through the rest of the cycle。

说话人B  42:29
yeah。

说话人A  42:30
so i mean not much different to what we're doing OK，i don't want to get confuse with all this i want to take that changes coming these are actually some additional fields that they're adding。

说话人A  42:44
and of course，pocs are welcome to you know i'm sure pms and pocs they know some of the escalations they may want to spend some time are interested in how the verification goes so they can involve in that s- verification and they can keep the you know so they can ask qa to include them for validating once they're in doing the testing so sorry it took back we are slightly behind team grape。

说话人C  43:22
for team grape the new feature shut down the areas future publish brand modification is closed and currently we have for three bugs related to the ex case execution stuck and one already been two of them have already been assigned to the platform team Louis and Wang，please take a look and those two defects actually block the several regression tests and rebush us rebush will send an email to the。

说话人C  44:07
the platform team also to ask him to document the actual settings that can provide to the customer and Shanghai team to how to set the maximum number of threads for the border setting and concurrency setting and a pioneer setting for the case execution and for the regression tests the currently the。

说话人C  44:39
the pass rate is about ninety six ninety seven it's not high and the way and we also have。

说话人C  44:56
Yeah pd box very many PD box and Kim already working on it yes and that's all for.

说话人A  45:07
Team group。.

说话人A  45:10
yeah same thing here as well yeah passers are low for aop manual testing so definitely need some attention on the pd box the other thing here also。

说话人A  45:21
yeah，if there's any help is needed in completing the test，please also flag that。

说话人A  45:29
and same thing，please add assigned to column here that can quickly help people to check their box because final iteration major of the teams are focusing on resolving regression failing bugs plus customer p0 bugs。

说话人A  45:46
OK，i've just given a quick update on pineapple the time based feature of us that the team has been working pretty much wrapped up except some unit testing that Marcelo is doing so that shouldn't stop the。

说话人A  46:04
manual testing that has to start in this iteration ever was going through some code reviews last night should be wrapping up today and these changes should be dead in the media tonight hopefully from tomorrow，yeah the manual testing of the feature can start by the mango i'm not sure it's being done by mango or grape who is doing the testing of that Judy do you know is it mango or grape。

说话人P  46:30
佟欣。

说话人A  46:35
as so yeah，so please wait for eber's message John  OK so he'll be s- he'll be putting a message to you once he submits his code changes。

说话人A  46:46
yeah。

说话人A  46:46
yeah，fingers crossed hope，we're expecting it to have all end to end testing to complete end of next week，but yeah there is some risk given is a- guys the way team has i mean is it took some time for the team to familiarize and implement this feature so hopefully the new features testing goes well，but fingers crossed let's see。

说话人A  47:13
some risk to the pi to completion though。

说话人A  47:15
yeah。

说话人A  47:16
except that the other features that pineapple has been supporting pretty much covers here the back end work and they have been accepted and there's an enabler work that rob is working that will resolve some of the bugs that will wrap up next iteration，but no impact to any other deliverables so focus really in the last iteration for the team is to resolve the customer submitted PD boxes prioritizing，xon，repel and mol。

说话人A  47:45
and other escalations so then the rest of the bugs so that's pretty much and so definitely there is a risk with the bugs here as well in na。

说话人D  47:59
Ivan。

说话人D  48:03
yeah and on disinteration，we made a good progress on disintera- and disinteration and two books related to the new futures were treat as a high priority because we couldn't finish under last iteration that's why we will focus on these two books and the book，and we have the team will be focus on some books target as a v fifteen release that and the dc regression。

说话人A  48:56
this will that's mean that all the team members here will focus we put attention all this target because and to know what is a high priority for this situation and additionally some team members will concentrate to help in some specific bugs for the Aus and yeah that's all。

说话人A  49:02
Brian anything you want to comment on the Aus features and their acceptance。

说话人E  49:06
you know so for that。

说话人E  49:48
so right now，we just helping to we're we put a meeting with ni hao almost all days right because sometimes we just need some information from him so right now Carol and i we're actively working on them we investigate them and we try to understand much more about the pdvs right and that's why we're gonna have these meetings so that's on the good side the other so we had two features one is postponed to pi three。

说话人E  49:56
i would pass the other manuscripting to validate this estate right because there's nothing else that is missing。

说话人F  50:09
you're on me too。

说话人A  50:48
sorry，i was double muted Brian i have some questions on this ux design work these are actually enablers sorry for some background noise there's a lawn mower behind so now i'm in the office though so yeah please get through this towards completion in the end of the end of the pi based on you know have and for the next pi i believe the work will be ongoing just have those features。

说话人A  51:00
advertising the v shift，but these are enablers i think you should close them based on the work you know accomplished in the pi OK there i think there have there's one more feature somewhere。

说话人A  51:04
yeah i think this one。

说话人A  51:12
make sense right。

说话人A  51:20
yeah of course，i would tell them check the status yeah。

说话人A  51:26
all right team plum i think quick。

说话人A  51:47
from team plum，we have one per- perform- performance issue，sorry carried over to this iteration as the related bug was raised late and we could fix couldn't fix。

说话人G  52:11
in time we expect it to resolved early in this iteration and it will not impact the pi this iteration our team is focus on debug fixing，explore testing and spoting us regression testing no blocker no risk that's all from our side thank。

说话人G  52:13
OK，thanks。

说话人G  52:27
blueberry hi，well the remaining work from backlog is the hydro record pieces and。

说话人G  52:58
the second stage configuration of the unit is the item that is still pending the biggest expectation here is to have ready this template between today and tomorrow and then just have the updated template in the application and allow qa team to start the proper testing。

说话人G  53:34
also，well，there are submitted bugs for the previous template i mean the single stage so we need also to look into those pieces and also to propagate the changes to the feasibility test that we have already identified so yeah definitely the team needs to do fully work in addressing all these hybrid character pieces i mean the generation of the template any。

说话人G  53:36
engine or core relate related implementation as well as fixing any new reported defect or bug for these functionality。

说话人A  53:51
Alright.

说话人H  53:56
In Kevin。.

说话人H  53:59
yeah，the test of the single stage hydro power has been completed，but the English template was retested today due to the update and testing and bdd update work for elimination of part two are completed there is still a bug link to the testing user story that has not been fixed。

说话人H  54:30
we will retest the related test cases once the fix is done and the testing work and bug fixing are on check that's all from team kv thanks。

说话人A  54:49
alright，thanks，let's move on to team management。

说话人F  54:58
yeah，oh team work on the merch deleted models ui that's in testing right now，so as well as the zero five implementation there is a remaining work that is gonna be closed in this short iteration to。

说话人F  55:32
try to close the feature during this pi the documentation is gonna be needed there and as well we're progressing with the fix identify in mol model corruption issues and as well as the accelerating import data flow that was causing。

说话人A  55:58
but in general Louise，you know there's a risk with customer pibox a lot of them on you i mean you know behind you so we need to。

说话人A  56:08
Triage this and identify you know which one we're fixing in cp five which part you know which waiting for more info right we should push back and close them.

说话人F  56:21
OK。.

说话人F  56:22
yeah，there are some like duplicate ones，but yeah we need to finish the triage we start that already，but went to through all the rest。

说话人F  56:33
Yep.

说话人A  56:34
Sorry we're getting late so Tim lichi John。.

说话人J  56:39
yeah by and large we're in pretty good shape we've got a couple of user stories that we're wrapping up the testing so that's spilling into the iteration five we do have one item a cr，a item for authentication for running scm in batch。

说话人J  56:54
that we're still trying to converge on the design，so we're hopeful that tomorrow we'll have our design in place and then we can continue the implementation there is a small possibility that it will push into to pi three，but we're tracking that and the defects will continue to work on reducing，those as well。

说话人A  57:18
OK，yeah，please process this feature states there on the board feature board John and Brian please review that in your stand up and process that。

说话人A  57:30
but by the way thanks for cleaning up the backlog feature backlog under admin with product k s scm。

说话人A  57:39
sure。

说话人A  57:41
before i go to pitaya i just have one thing for all pocs and about the system demo next week i got a few you know topics and names if you have not sent me that please do that the session can be an hour to an hour and a half result to the features are from Aus，so we may be spending half an hour on that。

说话人A  58:08
the so the rest of the products ten minutes each so please prepare i mean you don't have to prepare it can be like how we're doing in our iteration reviews that the person can just ju- jump start on the you know the topic presenting or no slides preparation on all or required here so，but please send me the names if you have not sent and the topic that you'll be presenting i mean to your team will be presenting。

说话人O  58:36
hey taya。

说话人O  58:39
yeah，good morning everyone well，we start the iteration two four with the seventy five percent of confidence，but we close around ninety percent of satisfaction because all the query work we got from the previous iteration it's already finish oh we close all the fix plan and all the re- all the effects raised by the security。

说话人O  59:08
it's complete and it's all the vulnerabilities are eliminated we only address one defect related with bone castle vulnerability to flowable，so we need to wait when they answer us and well，we push only one user story in the implemented phase，because it's still not finish the develop and we only in the testing from the old user stories as we mentioned earlier and today we plan。

说话人O  59:44
all work for this iteration that's all。

说话人A  59:48
all right we are on time one final thing i sent a request to atls and pocs please fill in that slide deck based on the iteration reviews then i will summarize that and i'll share with you all any potential risk based on that iteration reviews we can take it offline then if any feedback coming based on the retrospective please also you know share that here in this r we can review that in the next week's atls meeting as we preparing for the pic planning please you know。

说话人A  01:00:26
take some learnings from our previous iterations and previous pi planning and try to you know accommodate those learnings into the pic planning in your breakouts and in your you know your team's planning of iterations OK romain i see you're raise hand。

说话人A  01:00:47
Yes，i.

说话人I  01:00:47
Just wanted to tell everybody that solution and myself i've shared a link to the readiness review slides to Cheryl Lisa and Lucy that managers in Shanghai we will begin the process of preparing it。.

说话人I  01:01:03
so you in case it gets brought up yeah，even though if the number looks bad it will change a lot as we improve and harden the quality for arup there's a team that's already doing the re- regression if there are any changes that requires that you think we should retest requires a large retest for that area please let us know OK and you can look in the test plan to see our progress i'm sure the other team is doing regression so it applies to them as well。

说话人I  01:01:36
给。

说话人I  01:01:37
给。

说话人A  01:01:51
OK and same thing as preparation for the p-at-planning please get the vacation plans from your teams you know so that you have a better understanding of your teams' load。

说话人A  01:02:16
we may take the route of like one spreadsheet that we used to have before right before the p-at-zero where we had the capacities based on the holidays and vacations for each team that was giving some guidance to the team we may go back to that，but i'm working with Michelle i will you know share with you all。

说话人A  01:02:33
on how we get to our team capacities what velocities that we're seeing based from audio and you know how we can get to have a better capacity calculations and how and that will help us to load our literations。

说话人A  01:02:47
OK，i just want to close with you know some final notes here closing the pi with the acceptance of all those features please ensure the definition of。

说话人A  01:03:22
done for the features are met product owners please make sure for you know you're checking each feature before you close against Tuesday and yeah then next week hopefully we have that system demo and we plan to you know do this biweekly the system demos across the art i'll share with you more i mean we plan to start from p three but yeah i'll share more details on that how we do it what it is later but in terms of priorities yeah closing the features then。

说话人A  01:03:31
customer pdbx is the next priority plus getting the release readiness technical ability that means getting in increasing the passes。

说话人A  01:04:01
process improvements plus overall backlog reduction so these should be the priority order for the teams and please if you need help or if somebody have capacity that you can offer help please you know the product owners raise the you know request work together in getting this OK so any risk to the cp five ga end of June that must be well understood in the next couple of days OK。

说话人A  01:04:09
that's pretty much for today，let's wrap it up thanks everyone thanks for staying late Shanghai team。