Hi everyone good morning, good evening, 
let's give it another second, still some people joing, 

I think we can start this review and planning meeting, let me record this meeting,

In this meeting I'll first work us through the iteration board, then we'll move to demo section,
and after that bryan and alex will take us through the planning for next iteration.

first this Nles in Aus user story, I have completed a part of the implementation,add new nle trems column and display tooltips,I will demo this user story latter. there are some remaining work, I prefer carry this user story to next iteration,

and then there are three redesign user stories, two about AUP redesign, one about Aura redesign,
carrie and alaia already completed, and they will give us a demo,I prerfer to close these user stories.

and then this Siyi's user story, is compare with Aura redesign, identify which TCs need to update and log the results. siyi have attached the results. there are so many TCs, still need double check,

and then this Aus testing blend header bias rework user story, xiaoyu and mengjiao have completed a part of the TCs, but there are some remaining work, and already linked to next iteration user story, but there are still some open bugs, I prefer carry this user story to next iteration.

and then this preparation Aus user story, xiaoyu and mengjiao have complete this iteration's traning, I perfer to close this user story. 
the defect backlog reduction and customer support user story, I prefer to close this user story,

and this PD bug mengling have completed the bug fix, 
that's all for this iteration, now let's move to demo section, and I will go frist. 

In Aus squaring table, now we can display coefficient, and show the tooltip when mouse hover,
we always show the new NlE Terms column,  and if this equeation include nles, it will display a checkbox, 
and show the equeation information and variables mappings.
because cureently there are unresloved variable, so this checkbox is disabled, and Marcello and cris etc have a discustion about this, how to get the matrx after click this checkbox, I will implement it in next iteration.

that all for me, any questions?

if no more questions. carrie can you give us a demo,
and then alaia,

that all from our side, now let's move to next iteration planning, bryan and alex hand over to you.

thank you, 

I do you have any questions? if no more questions, let's end this meeting, thank you all for your time and effort.
