Hi I 'm weibin
I will demo Diagnostics UI update and clarify tolerance and imbalance reporting two future.

first I will demo the Diagnostics update.
we add an new warning icon on a bar here. it will display current case have how many dianositcs warning,
after run reconcile it will pop up toast show how may warning and assumptions, you can click the view warnings link, 
it will open case validation panel and switch to  the diagnostic tab.

In this tab we have three section warnings, penalties, and solver information
the warnings penalties and was moke data, and the solver information currently it will list all of solver log.

and we if open a tank it have diagnostic warning it will display an warning card on property panel, and user can close it.

and user can switch case, it will get solver of this case automidcily
and the warning icon will only display in sigle case page,
    switch to base model it will not display 
    switch to overview page it will display and click view warning will open the diagnositc tab
    switch to sankey page it was same
    switch to emission sankey pange, there is no case validation panel click warning icon or click view warning it will go to flowsheet an open the diagnostic tab
    data acquistion and data publish page was same it will show icon and click it will navgate to flowsheet page, 
    in other page a bar will not display diagnostic icon

    do you have any question of this future?

then I will demo the clarify tolerance and imbalance reporting

first open a process unit balance section we rename the imbalance ratio to solver panalty, and change the tooltip.
and the Imbalance % renamed to Loss/Gain % and update the tooltip.
and input&output section we add user adj and system adj column
then go to case summary page
we can check the gross error penalty of process unit was 8, gross error threshould of process unit was 4,
then back to flowsheet open the process unit.

imbalance devide tolerance

the measured vlume imbalance ratio should be 0.432 it was less than gross error threshold 4, then it will display imbalance ratio, 
the measured mass imbalance ratio should be 180872 / 1 grate than gross error threshold, then it will display Gross Error penalty 20

we can open the stram property panel we can see that imbalance % also updated to solver penalty