Hello I will demostration  UC: TagAliases should be case insensitive and UC: Work Area: Allow both Objects and Cases to be used on the X-Axis of the Charts

first TagAliases should be case insensitive

there are some tag alias, change the Tagalias002 to tagalias001, lower case, you can see there is a error msg here, 
the user can't update pointerName with similar word with different case.

then we can export this grid, open the exported excel.
update Tag Alias name with same word and diferent format. save it 
then import this excel.

you can see there is no new Tag Alias was added. and exist Tag alias was updated.

then go to tank template, add a new attribute p1 exprestion use tag alias 001,
then go to flowsheet add a new tank.
open the tank detail, we can update the exprestion change to uper case 'T' , different with data acquation.

then create a new case. go to data acquation page. retrive process data. you can see the value was display. you can click the referenced Objects，
go to flowsheet and open tank detil.

you can see the value and trend was same with data acquation page.

then create a new aum model link this aura,

after run monitoring, open the tank detail, you can see the tag alias value here. and the trend was same as aura model.

then go to movement page,  create a new movement with tank001 as source.   then appply. select this movement, then you can see there is a trend, from Tank001
then we can update the  metervolTagAlias value. change to lower case "tagalias002", 

reselect this movement. you can see there is a new trend from "tagAlias002"

then open a old model. you can see there are three tagAlias001 with diferent format. them all will high-light and tooltip will prompt duplicate

This all of this us case.   do you have any comment? 


Use Case 1448150: UI: Work Area: Allow both Objects and Cases to be used on the X-Axis of the Charts

In previous version,like this model, you can see by default there 5 values, 
user can change the grid format,  through drag the row and columns of Data grid configuration.
you can see there are 5 values in chart. 

then drag the cases to rows. the grid format updated, but there are three values in chart only. it miss some value. 
I research the document of ag-grid.  find this sernial we should grouping rows. to display all data.


open my local envment model. 

go to work area. you can see by default Object as rows,  when user drag another item as row, 
then the rows will group together, in the grid and data grid configuration panel, then you can see the chart X-Axis will also be groupde. 

user can freelly combine rowgroups. the chart also list all of the values.


and there is a defect of pie chart. in current verstion. it will display undefined as label.
this defect recommend defer.  infect I think we can replace 'undefind' with angle name  like my local model. I think it looks well.

that all of this uc  do you have any comment?