# Integraion diagnostics  and Expretion update.

Hi I'm weibin I will demo the integraion diagnostics first.

after reconciliation, a toast pops up, it shows how many warnings and assumptions were identified.

then click the view warning link, it will open diagnostics tab, 

these there section warnigns, penalties and solver information
all of them are real data.

if we click the object name, we can open the detile panel, and see the warning card below basic info. also real data

I have a question, we have assumption severity, but asummption log are not shown. In diagnostic tab we have warning, adj summary imb summary, obj summary, but we don't show the assumption

and there are some warnings whose objecId is empty, is that by design

do you have any question?

then I will demo the material expression related update.

1 each material can have only one parent

    open detail panel of ChildA  the belongs to material has been changed form multiple checkbox to sigle select menu
    user can select only one material, if we select different material it will replace previouse value, and also we can clear it.

    For example childA already belongs to parent A,
    since it already has a parent, then it can't belong to another material. 
    if we open parentB include material, the childA already filtered out

2. then go to flowsheet. tank001 have some expressions of materials
    material Descriptions......., we can get the correct result from expression
    back to base model, the expression editor has been updated to support material expressions

then I will demo the tankGroup expression update.

    In this model, we have two tankgroup templates
    TankGroup template have a string attribute called RegionA  Default value is NorthHub
    TankGroupB template have a string attribute called RegionB Default value is southHub
    Tank Template have two string Attribute 
        ParentRegionA whose expression is TankGroup().RegionA
        ParentRegionB whose expression is TankGroup().RegionB
    
    Then go to flowsheet 
        Tank002 belone to TankGroup001, 
            then the tank attribute ParentRegionA expression Value consisc with tankGroup NorthHub
            TankGroup tempalte did't have RegionB then the ParentRegionB have expression Error
        Tank003 belone TankGroupB001
            then the tank attribute ParentRegionA have a expression error
            ParentRegionB is consistent  with TankGroup 'South Hub changed'


that all for my demo do you have any question?




