I will demo Browsing Override History for an attribute UI and integration

first view override history dialog.

open tank list page. when user open context mnue on attribute cell. 
you can see there are a new item. 'view override history'

click it will open override history dialog.
by default, will get override history of we selected attribute, within last 24 hours.

here user can select ohter tank or attribut, or date range. 
this  grid will reload. 

you can see the override value with hilght background and the tooltip will list default value, override value, comment.
the clear event without backgound and display default value. tooltip only show value.
you can see there are some modified by was empty, this is cutoff overrides history.


go to movement page it work same.

the second part of validation panel. 

you can see the right bar there are a new icon. view validation panel. when user click it on movement page.
movements validation panel open. there is a override tab here. in this grid will list all overrides of all movements

there are movement, modified by attribute modified on override value comment in the grid.
the override value was editable, user can update value here. 

like update the sfr to 100, it works well.  
and user can click the three point button, there are two items, view override history and clear overide.  we click view, 

we can see the view override history pop up.
also we can clear override here.  of state override it can't clear, clear was disabled
and user can click the entity name to open detile panel.
and user can group grid by entity 

go to tank page, open validation panel, it will show two tab, tank overrides and exprestion errors. the tank overrides tab was same as movment overrides.

there is a small question.  after clear this override still here.

the latest change of attributs card. open detile panel, there are the same btn, but we can only view history here.


