Hello I Will demo Alert UI update

first we add a "Alert configuration" page under model data, 
in this screen we have an add button and a summary grid and detail panel

in the grid there are a active, name, description , last modified, last modified by columns
user can click the switch button on the header, to update all of the active switch button.

and user can click the alert name to open alert detail panel.

in the alert apenl there are an alert card and a condation

in the alert card there are name, description, severity and an enable alert button

also we can click add button to add Alert
then open an detail panel, there is no default name, and name is require.  then the apply button was disabled.
we can add a validate name, then the apply button active.

then click the active button that new alert was created.

in the grid we have a overflow column, currently there is an delete button. we can click it to delet this alert.

That all update of Alert configuration page.

then we can go to tanks

in tiles tab, on the card header we have a new button.  alerts
user can sigle click it to open the tank detail panel and acvtive new Alert tab

in this tab will list Active alert infomation. 
and there are two dropdown button. an sort dropdown and an empty overflow dropdown

the sort dropdown user can select 'Data received' then the alert sort by modified time from recent start 
and user can click the severity then sort by "Severity lavel"

I have questions of this sort dropdown. 
1. user can click it many times whether reverse the order, asceding and descending
2. do we need sort by received Data and severity same time? which one first.

go to tank list there is a new Alert column, user can click it to open tank detail and active alerts tab.
go to movement summary there is also have a alert column, user can click the alert count to open detail.

